Name: Sonam Jamtsho
Seneca Student ID: 171980212
Seneca email: sjamtsho@myseneca.ca
Date of completion: August 05, 2023

I confirm that I am the only author of this file
and the content was created entirely by me.

While doing this project I got an opportunity to apply the knowledge and skills that I have acquired
throughout the semester. I did a lot of learning, research and debugging to complete the project. The
3 milestone provided us with various opportunities to learn and apply c++ concepts.

In the first milestone I learned how to create a util class to extract token from a string. It allowed
me to gain knowledge about string objects and get familiar with different string operations. I didn't face
much difficulty with milestone 1 as the concepts required were ones that I am more familiar with. 

In the second milestone, It allowed me to get more familiar with how to manage dynamic memory. As per the 
requirement of the project I allocated dynamic memory for the items in the order and handled their destruction
appropriately. This allowed me to gain more knowledge about managing dynamic memory. 

In the third milestone which was the most challenging but at the same time most rewarding, I made use of STL
containers. I improved my knowledge to add, remove and access objects in a STL container. Additionally, I also
learned how to use STL algorithms and lamda functions to carry out various operations on the data stored in the
container. I faced difficulty in configuring the assembly line, especially with finding the index of active station
and next station. I was able to achieve it by using find_if method from the STL algorithm and substracting 
the iterator begin(station) from the iterator of the element found in the station. 

During the project, I gained a deeper understanding of C++ classes, inheritance, polymorphism and memory management.
Additionally, I learned to use the STL containers and algorithms. Overall, the project has been an enriching and 
satisfying learning experience for me. 

